---
layout: post
description: Survey analysis assignment
author: malecki
---

### Acquire and familiarize yourself with the data

*A. Identify two surveys that you want to compare.* This part involves skimming the codebooks and questionnaires.

  - Same question in two waves
  - Same question in similar waves of different surveys
  - Slightly different question in two surveys
  - Different question wording across two surveys

#### Survey sources:

  - Annenberg
  - Roper ipoll 
  - World Values Survey
  - European Values Study
  - Eurobarometer
  - Afrobarometer
  - Latinobarometer
  - Asiabarometer
  - ANES
  - BES
  - CCES

*B. Sketch and/or describe the graph(s)* that you intend to make; these amount to informal research hypotheses. 

*C. Write down the target shape* of the data (a complete typical row of a `melt`ed or denormalized data frame for plotting. This is also before you write anything inside a code chunk! What do you *eventually need* to fulfill your graph's data contract? e.g., `{country: "", value: "", survey: "", year: ""}`

### Write code to analyze and visualize it

*D. Write a script* that reads, transforms, prepares data for your graph.

*E. Make it actually make your graph.* (Or something. If your sketch is out of reach right now, put something else on the page. Note also we will be discussing some map plotting soon.)

*F. Write expressive fantasy function calls* that describe how you read, transformed, and prepared the data for the graph. You can initially put these in a `eval=FALSE` code chunk:

```
survey1 <- loadSurvey(1)
survey1 <- selectVariables(survey1, ...)
survey1 <- handleMissingData(survey1, ...)
survey1 <- labelValues(survey1)
aggregate1 <- summarizeQuestions(survey1, ...) # aggregation of some kind
plotData <- preparePlotData(aggregate1, ...)

survey2 <- loadSurvey(2)
plotData <- rbind(plotData, plotData2) # (maybe)
ggplot(, aes(...)) + ...

```

In other words, read your code and encapsulate blocks of it to make them more abstract.

*G. (Bonus)* Write (some or all of) the functions to read, transform, and analyze the data.
